mark CentOS as no longer supported on Hetzner in KKP 2.24+ (#1544)
kubermatic/docs: content/kubermatic/main/architecture/supported-providers/hetzner/_index.en.md

+++
title = "Hetzner"
date = 2023-10-19T13:00:00+02:00
weight = 4
+++

> KKP userclusters can use the Hetzner Cloud (HCloud) to host worker nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KKP user clusters can use Hetzner Cloud (HCloud) to host worker nodes.
```
